that's some amorphous headin on
univision big business yeah baby okay
don't snitch on a joke man get that
clear especially partnership and
currency were robbing anybody that one
and willing to come and get a puppy
fantasy subscribes here unstoppable on
top of which it cheer nobody speaking on
TV speaking january's it's why such as
we shutting the fuck up around
leadership right here you shit right
here nigga p the dogs that i have gender
on his back nigga so the fuck you think
this is when i got mowed over the wall
name is all my motherfucking business
bitch oh shit excuse me was that to
every night up at a roh TV order da de
da rooftop car malathi it's like
somebody from our home before the scene
Rick was good is chubby chub from large
money entertainment the CEO you're
watching RMH TV and you better be sure
to log in to my best friend is my grind
com I'm a little slower hello Oh take
the show how the new piece as for them
when I possessed or 250 a concession and
this is my cake get that cake way more
fun are made spam hook me up and y'all
what's going on I heard my point lasers
in the building
this latter days in this game with
humans is real and real recognize real
silent tell right off happy birthday
this is birthday it's our mainstay in
army fed time is here just to contribute
a little is not good you know I mean
we're doing what you're doing we doesn't
right and they want to turn something
something up yes that's keep doing I
don't need to do a thought I guess it
just happens ba-ba-boom ba-ba relaxing
Chitty Bang this is all your clinical of
it so she loved it select up
yes miss your boy mr. fantabulous you
are tuned in RM h TV my best friend is
my run no doubt about it you know I mean
you see us right now we actually
relaxing you see where you work work
work and you play then you work work
work this is that little play moment
that we hit big shots my man ba ba this
is birthday coming up in dolce gabbana
says in one and a half so that means one
and a half you know i want a half gonna
throw it out for my boy you know what it
is make sure you log on to my best
friend is my grind calm you're gonna see
saw from lazy R max Medina the whole
suite of scene is in this motherfucking
building our mates TV
pinkrod sami from edina like it so
vividly a bet Michelle a clear for MH TV
cook for my best friend is my grind ok I
was doing about food from Tina
I like to give a shout to my best friend
is my grind and our mates TV the most
important crew and motherfuckers
Scandinavia you hired me that's what's
up leaving music two stripes Universal
go cop that shit don't tell your mother
get my panties bitch
you